This was the first class I have ever had that used Plickers and I would hope that my other classes would use it because its very interactive and helps you review the material in a fun way. Also it also in a way shows you how the professor is going to test you because I would use the plicker questions as a study guide to see exactly what material I needed to work on.

it's fun and really very interactive compared to a classic course

I found that I would look forward to the plickers. It would refresh my memory and the repetition of information helped it stick. 

Plicker questions were great as a stress-free test of the lecture. They come in handy when an exam is coming, as review material. I like that some of the questions would come back because it reenforces the knowledge into your brain.

I think that the idea of Plickers is really great but that the execution could maybe use some work. It was nice to have some sort of activity to do in the middle of the class that helped also advance my learning. I think that having discussions with my peers about the answers to questions on Plickers was a good way to make sure I really understood the material. However a lot of the time the Plickers were way too easy and our group discussion basically consisted of "It's A right" "Yea its A" "Ok" because we all got the right answer the first time. 

A simple, easy way to peer learn and retain knowledge

It is a good way to keep the people engaged during the lesson.

I like the general concept but I felt using a physical piece of paper to be a bit unwieldy. It was kind of fun at first but lost its charm pretty early. Otherwise the pace and content of questions and answers was great.

Plickers work well as short session to VERIFY what you should have already learned, and correct any fundamental errors on the topic. They work only when at least one person out of four KNOW that they have the correct answer and WHY. They fall apart if the entire group's members independently failed to comprehend a topic. Then, the time it takes to confer with notes and sources is too great to respond to the second vote. This is why discussion time should be tied to percentage correct, and not just "if wrong, have discussion".

